[CTOR-509] Update Jacarta Sensor page (#3276)
centreon/centreon-documentation: pp/integrations/plugin-packs/procedures/hardware-sensors-jacarta-snmp.md

import Tabs from '@theme/Tabs';
import TabItem from '@theme/TabItem';

## Pack assets

### Templates

The Monitoring Connector **Jacarta Sensor** brings a host template:

* **HW-Sensor-Jacarta-SNMP-custom**

The connector brings the following service templates (sorted by the host template they are attached to):

<Tabs groupId="sync">
<TabItem value="HW-Sensor-Jacarta-SNMP-custom" label="HW-Sensor-Jacarta-SNMP-custom">

| Service Alias  | Service Template                              | Service Description            |
|:---------------|:----------------------------------------------|:-------------------------------|

> | Sensors-Global | HW-Sensors-Jacarta-Sensors-Global-SNMP-custom | Check all sensors of equipment |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Sensors-Global | HW-Sensors-Jacarta-Sensors-Global-SNMP-custom | Check all sensors on the equipment |
```

</TabItem>
</Tabs>

3. [Deploy the configuration](/docs/monitoring/monitoring-servers/deploying-a-configuration). The service appears in the list of services, and on the **Resources Status** page. The command that is sent by the connector is displayed in the details panel of the service: it shows the values of the macros.

## How to check in the CLI that the configuration is OK and what are the main options for?

Once the plugin is installed, log into your Centreon poller's CLI using the
**centreon-engine** user account (`su - centreon-engine`). Test that the connector
is able to monitor a resource using a command like this one (replace the sample values by yours):

```bash
/usr/lib/centreon/plugins/centreon_jacarta.pl \
	--plugin=hardware::sensors::jacarta::snmp::plugin \
	--mode=sensors \
	--hostname=10.0.0.1 \
	--snmp-version='2c' \
	--snmp-community='my-snmp-community'  \
	--component='.*' \
	--verbose
```

The expected command output is shown below:

```bash
OK: All 2 components are ok [1/1 temperatures][1/1 humidity]. | 'sensor1#hardware.sensor.temperature.celsius'=23C;;;; 'sensor1#hardware.sensor.humidity.percentage'=35%;;;0;100

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
